hey guys welcome to massive step into my
office so this is massive a studio in
Malmo Sweden we're here today to talk
about Assassin's Creed Revelations but
I'm going to show you around show you a
bit of the studio so this is the
conference room where we had the
presentations today with all the
journalists and all the important people
of the press and in here this is our
lovely gameplay lab where usually we
invite people like yourself to try our
games and tell us what sucks and what's
great so we can make it even better
today we converted it to a kind of demo
area for press and for the community
guys who won the contest there in here
you can sneak a peek they're actually
trying out the game right now playing
Assassin's Creed Revelations and on the
screen to the right if the cameraman
pants you can see our game which is the
decimal journey which is part of
Assassin's Creed
that's anytime you play desmond that's
basically what we did so let's head on
out i can't show you all of the studio
today because we're actually working on
a couple of projects that are secret but
i'm going to show you the area where the
guys who work on revelations are sitting
so up here are the guys who've been
working on the Desmond's journey the
part of Assassin's Creed Revelations
that massive did they've been up here
for the last eight nine months with no
sleep never went home just worked to get
a game for you guys to play so the hard
workers of the computer game industry
right here and we can show you the small
last part of the Revelations team which
is sitting in here or director Sebastian
awesome guy - technical artist trying to
dodge out of the picture and soya who's
doing our concept art awesome people all
of them but we keep them in a cage
because we don't want them to go home
that means they couldn't work as much
that's pretty much all I can show you
you see that door over here can't show
you past that we got four more floors I
could show you but I'm not gonna they're
not paying me enough for that so enjoy
the game catch you guys later